Add handlers for read, update, and delete to CREATE_YOUR_FIRST_EXTENSION doc (#864)
opensearch-project/opensearch-sdk-java: CREATE_YOUR_FIRST_EXTENSION.md

* [Initial setup](#initial-setup)
* [Obtain network address and port information](#obtain-network-address-and-port-information)

> * [Implement the _`Extension`_ interface](#implement-the-_-extension-_-interface)

Reviewer: The link to this section is broken.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Implement the _`Extension`_ interface](#implement-the-extension-interface)
```

Reviewer 2: If you use IDEA, you can generate the TOC automatically :) https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/markdown.html#table-of-contents

            new NamedRoute.Builder().method(Method.POST)
                .path("/sample/{id}")
                .uniqueName("crud_extension:sample/post")
                .handler(updateHandler)
                .build(),
            new NamedRoute.Builder().method(Method.DELETE)
                .path("/sample/{id}")
                .uniqueName("crud_extension:sample/delete")
                .handler(deleteHandler)
                .build()
        );
    }

    Function<RestRequest, RestResponse> createHandler = (request) -> {
        return new ExtensionRestResponse(request, RestStatus.OK, "To be implemented");
    };

    Function<RestRequest, RestResponse> readHandler = (request) -> {
        return new ExtensionRestResponse(request, RestStatus.OK, "To be implemented");
    };

    Function<RestRequest, RestResponse> updateHandler = (request) -> {
        return new ExtensionRestResponse(request, RestStatus.OK, "To be implemented");
    };

    Function<RestRequest, RestResponse> deleteHandler = (request) -> {
        return new ExtensionRestResponse(request, RestStatus.OK, "To be implemented");
    };
}
```

## Use OpenSearch clients to implement functionality

> To use the OpenSearch REST API, you will need an instance of the OpenSearch Java Client.

Reviewer: SDKClient as a wrapper of Java Client?

Author: Not sure what the question is?  

SDKClient doesn't wrap Java Client, it just gives a one-liner initialization option to a non-secure client, useful for tutorials like this.

Reviewer: Should we mention? 
```suggestion
To use the OpenSearch REST API, you will need an instance of the SDKClient
```

Author: No, we do not need the SDKClient.  

Users can create their own OpenSearchClient. I linked to two options that are in the OpenSearch Client documentation and that is the preferred way to do it, particularly if the users need TLS/SSL.

Reviewer: On line 217, it's mentioned 
``SDKClient` class allows initialization of the OpenSearch Java client`

Author: > Can we add java client and SDKClient as 2 options then?

I thought that's exactly what I'm doing here.  I cite the Java Client docs and then I explain how to do it (currently) with SDKClient.

> # Use OpenSearch clients to implement functionality
> 
> To use the OpenSearch REST API, you will need an instance of the OpenSearch Java Client.
> 
> If you require SSL and TLS capability, refer to the OpenSearch Java Client documentation for either [Apache HttpClient 5 Transport](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/clients/java/#initializing-the-client-with-ssl-and-tls-enabled-using-apache-httpclient-5-transport) or [OpenSearch RestClient Transport](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/clients/java/#initializing-the-client-with-ssl-and-tls-enabled-using-restclient-transport).
> 
> The `SDKClient` class allows initialization of the OpenSearch Java client ...

Now I may be wrong or imprecise about SSL/TLS.  Whatever we're doing is not secure.

Personally I'd like to not mention SDKClient in this doc at all.  Point them to the official docs for the Java client and don't try to include that in this sample.

Author: I've updated this to not even mention SDKClient or how to get a copy of it.  We essentially implement a non-secure version of what's on the docs and we shouldn't point people to that non-production code.  Further, I'm arguing elsewhere (#612, #625) that we should remove it.

That section now reads:

> ## Use OpenSearch Java Client to implement functionality
> 
> To use the OpenSearch REST API, you will need an instance of the OpenSearch Java Client.
> 
> Refer to the OpenSearch Java Client documentation for either [Apache HttpClient 5 Transport](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/clients/java/#initializing-the-client-with-ssl-and-tls-enabled-using-apache-httpclient-5-transport) or [OpenSearch RestClient Transport](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/clients/java/#initializing-the-client-with-ssl-and-tls-enabled-using-restclient-transport).
> 
> The remainder of this example assumes you have implemented one of the above options in your constructor:
> 
> ```java
> private final OpenSearchClient client;
> 
> public CrudAction() {
>     final OpenSearchTransport transport = // implement per documentation
>     this.client = new OpenSearchClient(transport);
> }
> ```

These classes must implement _`ExtensionRestHandler`_, which is a functional interface that requires the implementation of the `handleRequest()` method with the signature `public ExtensionRestResponse handleRequest(RestRequest request)`.

The `BaseExtensionRestHandler` class provides many useful methods for exception handling in requests.

> For the CRUD extension example, you'll implement one REST route for each option and delegate it to the appropriate handler function.  Each route is an instance of `NamedRoute` and requires at least a method, path, and globally unique name.

Author: https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2018/05/two-spaces-after-a-period/559304/

> For the CRUD extension example, you'll implement one REST route for each option and delegate it to the appropriate handler function.  Each route is an instance of `NamedRoute` and requires at least a method, path, and globally unique name.

Reviewer 3: Please use one space after a period, in accordance with our style. Thanks!

}
```

## Use OpenSearch Java Client to implement functionality

To use the OpenSearch REST API, you will need an instance of the OpenSearch Java Client.

Refer to the OpenSearch Java Client documentation for either [Apache HttpClient 5 Transport](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/clients/java/#initializing-the-client-with-ssl-and-tls-enabled-using-apache-httpclient-5-transport) or [OpenSearch RestClient Transport](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/clients/java/#initializing-the-client-with-ssl-and-tls-enabled-using-restclient-transport).

> The remainder of this example assumes you have implemented one of the above options in your constructor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The remainder of this example assumes you have implemented one of the preceding options in your constructor:
```

```java
private final OpenSearchClient client;

public CrudAction() {
    final OpenSearchTransport transport = // implement per documentation
    this.client = new OpenSearchClient(transport);
}
```

### Defining a Document class

> For our CRUD sample we will create a simple Java class with a single field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For your CRUD sample, you will create a simple Java class with a single field:
```

```java
public static class CrudData {
    private String value;

    public String getValue() {
        return value;
    }

    public void setValue(String value) {
        this.value = value;
    }
}
```

### Creating (PUT) a document in an index

> Now in our create handler function, create an index (if it doesn't exist):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now in the create handler function, create an index (if it doesn't exist):
```

return createJsonResponse(request, RestStatus.OK, "_id", response.id());
```

Finally, you have the following code for the create handler method:

```java
Function<RestRequest, RestResponse> createHandler = (request) -> {
    IndexResponse response;
    try {
        // Create index if it doesn't exist
        BooleanResponse exists = client.indices().exists(new ExistsRequest.Builder().index("crudsample").build());
        if (!exists.value()) {
            client.indices().create(new CreateIndexRequest.Builder().index("crudsample").build());
        }
        // Now add our document
        CrudData crudData = new CrudData();
        crudData.setValue("value");
        response = client.index(new IndexRequest.Builder<CrudData>().index("crudsample").document(crudData).build());
    } catch (OpenSearchException | IOException e) {
        return exceptionalRequest(request, e);
    }
    if (response.result() == Result.Created) {
        return createJsonResponse(request, RestStatus.OK, "_id", response.id());
    }
    return createJsonResponse(request, RestStatus.INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR, "failed", response.result().toString());
};
```

### Reading (GET) a document in an index

> We can now use the read handler function to get the document we just created, using its ID, which we will pass as a named parameter in the path.  We can then get the document by ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now use the read handler function to get the document we just created, using its ID, which you will pass as a named parameter in the path.  You can then get the document by ID.
```

```java
String id = request.param("id");
GetResponse<CrudData> response = client.get(new GetRequest.Builder().index("crudsample").id(id).build(), CrudData.class);
```

> Adding in exception handling, the full handler method is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adding exception handling, the following is the full handler method:
```

```java
Function<RestRequest, RestResponse> readHandler = (request) -> {
    GetResponse<CrudData> response;
    // Parse ID from request
    String id = request.param("id");
    try {
        response = client.get(new GetRequest.Builder().index("crudsample").id(id).build(), CrudData.class);
    } catch (OpenSearchException | IOException e) {
        return exceptionalRequest(request, e);
    }
    if (response.found()) {
        return createJsonResponse(request, RestStatus.OK, "value", response.source().getValue());
    }
    return createJsonResponse(request, RestStatus.NOT_FOUND, "error", "not_found");
};
```

### Updating (POST) a document in an index

> We will create a new document similar to what we did in the create handler, and parse the ID as we did in the read handler, and then update that document.  With exception handling, the update handler method is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will create a new document similar to what you did in the create handler, parse the ID as you did in the read handler, and then update that document.  With exception handling, the following is the update handler method:
```

```java
Function<RestRequest, RestResponse> updateHandler = (request) -> {
    UpdateResponse<CrudData> response;
    // Parse ID from request
    String id = request.param("id");
    // Now create the new document to update with
    CrudData crudData = new CrudData();
    crudData.setValue("new value");
    try {
        response = client.update(
            new UpdateRequest.Builder<CrudData, CrudData>().index("crudsample").id(id).doc(crudData).build(),
            CrudData.class
        );
    } catch (OpenSearchException | IOException e) {
        return exceptionalRequest(request, e);
    }
    if (response.result() == Result.Updated) {
        return createEmptyJsonResponse(request, RestStatus.OK);
    }
    return createJsonResponse(request, RestStatus.INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR, "failed", response.result().toString());
};
```

### Deleting (DELETE) a document in an index

> We only need the ID to delete a document, so the delete handler method is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You only need the ID to delete a document, so the delete handler method is implemented as follows:
```
